Enabled graceful Redis shutdown in r11 (#23212)
microsoft/FluidFramework: server/routerlicious/.changeset/silly-papayas-hammer.md

---
"@fluidframework/server-lambdas": major
"@fluidframework/server-routerlicious": major
"@fluidframework/server-routerlicious-base": major

> "@fluidframework/server-services-shared": major

Reviewer: I think this specific changeset can remove `services-shared`, because that is covered in the other one. Additionally, `lambdas` only has the change that `"disposed"` event is being emitted by DeliLambdaFactory. That would be a separate `minor` changeset.

It would also be good, IMO, to indicate in the changeset description that the reason for `major` (i.e. breaking change) is that there is a new required param, `redisClientConnectionManagers`, in the Nexus, Alfred, and Riddler RunnerFactories. This is scoped to `r11s-base`.

Lastly, the `r11s` change could be included along with the `lambdas` changeset because those 2 are closely coupled, but separate from the r11s-base changes

---
"@fluidframework/server-routerlicious-base": major
---

Added support for Redis graceful shutdown

> This PR adds a way to ensure that Redis connections are gracefully shut down when disposing service factory resources. There is a new required param, `redisClientConnectionManagers`, in the Nexus, Alfred, and Riddler RunnerFactories. This is scoped to r11s-base.

Reviewer 2: Similar to the comment above, let's think of the changesets as release notes (that's exactly how they work in the client release group), so instead of writing them "locally for ourselves", let's write them thinking that the readers are external developers who consume the packages.
```suggestion
Now there's a way to ensure that Redis connections are gracefully shut down when disposing service factory resources. There is a new required param, `redisClientConnectionManagers`, in the Nexus, Alfred, and Riddler RunnerFactories. This is scoped to r11s-base.
```
